---
title: "Workshop #1 - Project kick-off workshop: January 15, 2025"
date: January 15, 2025
time: 2 - 4 pm Eastern Time
location: Virtual, via zoom. A link will be shared with the participants, along with a calendar invitation
topic: Zebrafish Toxicology Phenotype Atlas project kick-off workshop
signup: https://forms.gle/Ciqz2ofhwjo7SApM6
---

* We will introduce the project, discuss goals, and plan the community's involvement (including communication).

* We will review SOPs and protocols currently used, as well as images of the most common/strangest/hardest to annotate phenotypes encountered.  This information will inform the discussions.

The goals of this workshop are to bring the community together and discuss strategies and priorities.

**Workshop preparation:**

We are asking participants to share the following information (if they have it)

* any SOPs or protocols currently used to annotate phenotypes.

* Images of a phenotype from any application (it does not need to be from a drug application experiment), depicting:

    - the funniest/strangest phenotype you have found

    - the most common phenotype you see

    - the hardest phenotype to annotate

* a problem/challenge you are having around data integration.

Depending on the number of submissions, we would either ask all submitters to talk about the material submitted, or we select a few examples. Please be prepared to talk about the material you submitted during the workshop.

We kindly ask that this information be [submitted here](https://forms.gle/g57fzRmRKLBiKpos6),  **by January 8th, 2025**. Thank you.

*Important note: Everyone is welcome to attend this workshop, whether or not they submit the information requested above. The information can be published or unpublished images/SOPs/protocols. If unpublished, please be aware that the images you submit will be shared with the workshop participants, but never outside of the workshop. We ask all participants to adhere to this code of conduct.*
